Add section on SSH passphrase storage with osx keychain (#4259)
aiidateam/aiida-core: docs/source/howto/ssh.rst

The key and its corresponding passphrase are now stored by the agent until it is stopped.
After a reboot, remember to run ``ssh-add ~/.ssh/aiida`` again before starting the AiiDA daemon.

Integrating the ssh-agent with keychain on OSX
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> On OSX Sierra and later, the native ``ssh-add`` client allows passphrases to be stored persistently in the `OSX keychain <https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/keychain-access/kyca1083/mac>`__. You can store the passphrase to keychain using the OSX only ``-k`` argument:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On OSX Sierra and later, the native ``ssh-add`` client allows passphrases to be stored persistently in the `OSX keychain <https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/keychain-access/kyca1083/mac>`__.
Store the passphrase in the keychain using the OSX-specific ``-k`` argument:
```

The key and its corresponding passphrase are now stored by the agent until it is stopped.
After a reboot, remember to run ``ssh-add ~/.ssh/aiida`` again before starting the AiiDA daemon.

Integrating the ssh-agent with keychain on OSX
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

On OSX Sierra and later, the native ``ssh-add`` client allows passphrases to be stored persistently in the `OSX keychain <https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/keychain-access/kyca1083/mac>`__.
Store the passphrase in the keychain using the OSX-specific ``-k`` argument:

.. code:: bash

    ssh-add -k ~/.ssh/aiida

> Then to tell SSH to look in your OSX keychain for key passphrases, you must specify in your ``~/.ssh/config``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To instruct ssh to look in the OSX keychain for key passphrases, add the following lines to ``~/.ssh/config``:
```
